
# Glider Guidance System (GGS) Configuration Guide

## Overview
This guide provides details on configuring your GGS mission using the provided .json file. Each section of the configuration file is detailed below.

## MISSION Section
This section outlines general settings for the mission.
- **mission_name**: (String) The name of the mission.
- **target_date**: (String) The target date for the mission data. Use `null` for the current date and time, or specify a date in the format `"YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS"`.
- **max_depth**: (Integer) The maximum depth for the mission in meters.
- **extent**: (Array of Arrays) Geographic bounding box for the mission, specified as `[[Min Lat, Min Lon], [Max Lat, Max Lon]]`.
- **GPS_coords**: (Array of Arrays) Specific GPS coordinates of interest, specified as `[[Lat 1, Lon 1], [Lat 2, Lon 2], ...]`. Use `null` for None.
- **glider_id**: (String) The ERDDAP glider ID to track. Use `null` for None. *Note: Setting a target glider will override the extent with one created around the last position of the target glider.*
- **glider_buffer**: (Float) The buffer value in decimal degrees used to create the extent around the target glider. Use `null` for None.

## MODEL Section
This section configures the ocean model data settings.
- **single_datetime**: (Boolean) Set to `true` to process a single date-time, `false` otherwise.
- **enable_rtofs**: (Boolean) Set to `true` to enable the RTOFS model, `false` to disable.
- **enable_cmems**: (Boolean) Set to `true` to enable the CMEMS model, `false` to disable.
- **enable_gofs**: (Boolean) Set to `true` to enable the GOFS model, `false` to disable.
- **chunk**: (Boolean) Set to `true` to enable data chunking for increased performance, `false` otherwise.
- **save_model_data**: (Boolean) Set to `true` to save acquired model data, `false` otherwise.
- **save_depth_average**: (Boolean) Set to `true` to save computed depth-average data, `false` otherwise.
- **save_bin_average**: (Boolean) Set to `true` to save computed bin-average data, `false` otherwise.

## PRODUCT Section
This section specifies product output settings.
- **create_magnitude_plot**: (Boolean) Set to `true` to create magnitude plots, `false` otherwise.
- **create_threshold_plot**: (Boolean) Set to `true` to create threshold zone plots, `false` otherwise.
- **create_advantage_plot**: (Boolean) Set to `true` to create advantage zone plots, `false` otherwise.
- **create_profile_plot**: (Boolean) Set to `true` to create profile plots, `false` otherwise.
- **create_gpkg_file**: (Boolean) Set to `true` to create GeoPackage files, `false` otherwise.
- **latitude_qc**: (Float) Latitude for quality control plotting.
- **longitude_qc**: (Float) Longitude for quality control plotting.
- **density**: (Integer) Density of the streamplot.
- **mag1** - **mag5**: (Float) Thresholds for magnitude levels in the plot.
- **tolerance**: (Float) Advantage zone tolerance in degrees.
- **show_gliders**: (Boolean) Set to `true` to show gliders on the plot, `false` otherwise.
- **show_route**: (Boolean) Set to `true` to show the glider route, `false` otherwise.
- **show_eez**: (Boolean) Set to `true` to show Exclusive Economic Zones (EEZ), `false` otherwise.
- **show_qc**: (Boolean) Set to `true` to show quality control markers, `false` otherwise.
- **manual_extent**: (Array of Arrays) Manual specification of plot extent, specified as `[[Min Lat, Min Lon], [Max Lat, Max Lon]]`. Use `null` for automatic.

## DATA Section
This section defines paths to data resources used by GGS.
- **bathymetry_path**: (String) Path to the bathymetry data file.
- **eez_path**: (String) Path to the Exclusive Economic Zones (EEZ) shapefile.

## ADVANCED Section
- **reprocess**: (Boolean) Set to `true` the reprocessing of netCDF files in the local '/data/reprocess' folder, `false` otherwise.
